1.Şeker Portakalı

It will be a book cover image. At the top of the image, the name of the book will be "Sugar Orange", and right below it, the author of the book will be written "José Mauro de Vasconcelos". Let the child escape from violence. Let the child hug his parents and be happy. Let it be in animation style. Draw emotionally.


2.Küçük Prens

It will be a book cover image. At the top of the image, the name of the book will be "The Little Prince", and right below it, the author of the book will be written "Antoine de Saint-Exupéry". Draw a little innocent and curious prince. Let him have blonde hair, green clothes and a brown belt. Let there be many planets in the air. Let the prince stand thoughtfully on one of the planets. Let it be in animation style. Draw emotionally.

3.Hayvan Çiftliği

The image must have an animation effect. It will be a book cover image. In the upper title of the picture, the title of the book will be "Animal Farm", and right below it, the author of the book will be written "George Orwell". There will be a pink, angry, angry pig as the leader in the picture. Right behind you will be unhappy farm animals (such as chicken, cat, dog, cow, goat, sheep, lamb, goose, duck, sparrow). Let the background of the book be in pink-black tones.

4.1984

The image must have an animation effect. It will be a book cover image. The name of the book will be "1984" in the upper title of the picture, and the author of the book will be written "George Orwell" just below it. In the novel, people are governed by oppression, terror and cruelty. The people are afraid. I want you to paint an emotional picture about this issue.

5.Bilinmeyen Bir Kadının Mektupları

It will be a book cover image. In the upper title of the image, the title of the book will be "Bilinmeyen Bir Kadının Mektubu", and right below it, the author of the book will be written "Stefan Zweig". The painting depicts a woman who fell in love with a man and wrote him letters until her death. In the picture, there will be a sad and disorganized woman who could not get her love in return, and a dry rose. I want you to paint an emotional picture about this topic.